Update about-azure-maps.md TomTom added to the Microsoft Online Services Subprocessor List (#106925)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-maps/about-azure-maps.md

> [!NOTE]
> Azure Maps shares customer-provided address/location queries with third-party TomTom for mapping functionality purposes. These queries aren't linked to any customer or end user when shared with TomTom and can't be used to identify individuals.
>

> > TomTom is a subprocessor that is authorized to subprocess Azure Maps customer data. For more information, see [Data protection and privacy].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TomTom is a subprocessor that is authorized to subprocess Azure Maps customer data. For more information, see the Microsoft Online Services Subprocessor List at the [Microsoft Trust Center].
```
